Update cherry-picking-a-commit-in-github-desktop.md (#28199)
github/docs: content/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/managing-commits/cherry-picking-a-commit-in-github-desktop.md

   ![Screenshot of the "History" tab and the "Current Branch" dropdown view. The cursor hovers over the "my-feature" branch, and "plus one" icons indicate the addition of one commit.](/assets/images/help/desktop/cherry-picking.png)

> 2. After dropping to the respective branch, you can notice that the current branch will be changed to the targetted branch. Then, you need to push the changes to the target branch to see the changes.

Reviewer: I suggest a few simplifications and editorial updates

```suggestion
1. The current branch changes to the branch onto which you cherry-picked the commit. You can now push the cherry-picked commit to the remote repository.
```
